kids who decided that that would be a
good introductory song
anyway most of you know / celebrate my
dad's 100th birthday today
so tonight the whole family we don't get
to do that often because we know each
other one of those so we are happy to be
here tonight and and play for you and
going to be some of my father's songs at
first the first one was one that was the
closest thing to it he ever had was 1945
and he came back from World War two he
was out shipping out in the Merchant
Marine and they dropped him off in a
port in New Jersey and before he went
home he went to a bar and then he walked
him and on the jukebox there was a song
of his plan he didn't even know it had
been recorded his cousin Jack was a
cowboy singer hillbilly sing around
California had recorded the song and it
was a hit back in those days I didn't
say anything he just kept putting
nickels in the jukebox walk around
saying that's a pretty good song right
there
you learn something like this
many among
Oh
but today many miles I am away
my age